(a) Paste the console output you saved at the end of step 3.C
 On branch master
Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'.

Changes not staged for commit:
  (use "git add <file>..." to update what will be committed)
  (use "git checkout -- <file>..." to discard changes in working directory)

        modified:   docs/status.txt

no changes added to commit (use "git add" and/or "git commit -a")
 
 
(b) How many commits have been done to the repository (not only by you, but
by anyone) so far? Write the git command you used to get this information 

	Five commits have been made. I used the following command to view:
	git log

(c) When was the .gitignore 
file modified last? Write the git command you used to get this information 

	used the gitk command to see that the file was last modified on 1/10/2019


(d) Mention two reasons why branches are used in a Git repository 

(e)What is the difference between git log and git status? 

	Git log displays the log of commits specifically while git status displays paths.

(f) What command would you use to see the commits where “Weapon.h” was one of the committed 
files? 
	Use git log probably.

(g) What command would you use to see the commits whose commit message 
contains the word “file”?
	

(h) In the context of object-oriented programming 
	(I) What is inheritance?
			When one class inherits from parent classes.
	(II) What is polymorphism?
		When you have an object that can take on multiple forms. For example,
		a student object that can be a grad student, undergrad, or general student.
	(III) What is encapsulation? 
		Combining data and methods for data.

Read the “Git Commands, workflow, and resources.pdf” file on Canvas and answer the 
following questions:

(i) What is the main difference between the “Dictator and Lieutenants” workflow
and the “Integration management” workflow”?
	Dictator and lieutenant workflow contains one central repository where one person can
	push to, but many can pull from. Dictators and lieutenants can merge branches.
	
	Integration workflow allows everyone to make pushes to their own repositories, but they
	pull from one central repository/ Conflicts are controlled by the manager.
	
(j) Why a team of 100 developers would benefit more by following the “Dictator 
and Lieutenants” workflow instead of the “Centralized” workflow?
	The Dictator and Lieutenant workflow is best because it is hard to manage the 
	repositories of 100 other developers. It's a lot easier to control conflicts and manage
	work being done if they work is just reported to the higher ups.
	
	
	
	Part 5
The RoleGame prototype is an example of polymorphism. The base/parent class "Weapons"
can be used in the following forms: CommonSword, CommonSpear, SimpleHammer, CrazyRandomSword,
and AnActualBrick. Each of these seperate classes is a type of weapon with its own functionality.